add request parameter restriction to documentation (#1028)
higherkindness/mu-scala: microsite/src/main/docs/reference/source-generation.md

## Implementation Notes: An Intentional Incompatibility with the Avro Standard

In order to make it so that it's easier for users to evolve their schemas over time, 
`sbt-mu-srcgen` intentionally deviates from the Avro standard in one key way: 

> it restricts RPC return types to record types (`string sendUser(UserWithCountry user)` is not permitted)

Reviewer: this is a clearer change, I like it!

```
[error] (protocol / muSrcGen) One or more IDL files are invalid. Error details:
[error]  /path/to/the/invalid/file.avdl has the following errors:
Encountered an unsupported request type: Skeuomorph only supports Record types for Avro requests. Encountered request schema with type STRING

> Encountered an unsupported request type: Skeuomorph only supports Record types for Avro responses. Encountered response schema with type STRING

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Encountered an unsupported response type: Skeuomorph only supports Record types for Avro responses. Encountered response schema with type STRING
```

SearchResponse search(SearchRequest request);
```
This schema can be evolved to add optional fields (e.g. ordering, filters, ...) to the request.  All the user has to do is just change the _single record_.  

This API design, on the other hand, can't be evolved because changing the `SearchResponse` argument from a `string` to any other datatype would introduce backward incompatibility.

```avroidl
SearchResponse search(string query);
```

> Similarly, multiple arguments don't fully restrict api evolutions but can become inconsistent. Consider,

Reviewer 2: Let's capitalize API here.

Author: Done!

```avroidl
record Filter {
  array<string> exclude;
}
SearchResponse search(SearchRequest query, Filter filter)
```

> If we wanted to add a way to order the results and add it to our `SearchRequest`, it starts to make less sense to have `filter` be its own argument. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we wanted to add a way to order the results and add it to our `SearchRequest`, it doesn't make sense to have `filter` be its own argument.
```

> If we wanted to add a way to order the results and add it to our `SearchRequest`, it starts to make less sense to have `filter` be it's own argument. 

Reviewer 2: it's -> its

Author: Thanks, done!

> For this reason, we **enforce that all requests and responses must be records**.

Reviewer: hell yeah lock it down
